Update Tweets example in docs with new API (#534)
rotationalio/ensign: docs/content/eventing/glossary.md

In order to write or read data from an underlying data system (like a database or event stream), you need a client to connect to the data system and interact with it as needed (such as reading and writing data). This connection often looks something like `conn = DBConnection(credentials)`, and after creating the `conn` variable, subsequent lines of code can leverage it to perform the kinds of data interactions you wish to make.

To establish a client in Ensign you need an [API key](#api-key).

> If you add your `ClientID` and `ClientSecret` credentials to your bash profile, you can do the following and Ensign will read the credentials from your environment variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default Ensign will read credentials from the `ENSIGN_CLIENT_ID` and `ENSIGN_CLIENT_SECRET` environment variables. If you include these in your bash profile, you can connect to Ensign with the following without having to specify your credentials in code.
```

Trying to reword this with the actual environment variables.

#### **publisher** <a name="publisher"></a>
In an event-driven microservice, a publisher is responsible for emitting [events](#events) to a [topic stream](#topic).

In Ensign, you can create a publisher once you have established a [client](#client). On publish, the client checks to see if it has an open publish stream created and if it doesn't, it opens a stream to the correct Ensign node.

```golang

> client.Publish(yourTopic, yourEvent)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
client.Publish(yourTopic, yourEvents...)
```
